Windows Phone is mentioned. (#51)
MicrosoftDocs/winapps-winrt-api: microsoft.ui.composition/compositionanimation_setreferenceparameter_1113449737.md

By setting a reference to a [CompositionObject](compositionobject.md), an [ExpressionAnimation](expressionanimation.md) can refer to any animatable property on that [CompositionObject](compositionobject.md). The [CompositionObject](compositionobject.md)'s current property value in the [Compositor](compositor.md) will be used when calculating the value of the expression. See the remarks section of [ExpressionAnimation](expressionanimation.md) for additional information.

## -examples

> The sample below outlines how to use an [ExpressionAnimation](expressionanimation.md) to create a parallax effect between a background and foreground visual. This type of animation can be seen on the Windows Start Screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample below outlines how to use an [ExpressionAnimation](expressionanimation.md) to create a parallax effect between a background and foreground visual. This type of animation can be seen on the Windows 10 Start Menu.
```

Updating Windows Start Screen to Windows 10 Start Menu. We lost our live tiles on Win 11.
